Select resources with the `source` `resource_type` (#4145)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/methods.md

  ```

### The "resource_type" method

> Use the `resource_type` method to select nodes of a particular type (`model`, `test`, `exposure`, etc). This is similar to the `--resource-type` flag used by the [`dbt ls` command](/reference/commands/list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `resource_type` method to select nodes of a particular type (`model`, `test`, `exposure`, and so on). This is similar to the `--resource-type` flag used by the [`dbt ls` command](/reference/commands/list).
```
